OPECO-3073: Add Note for CRD Version Spec (#319)
operator-framework/olm-docs: content/en/docs/Reference/catalog-templates.md

- minor-version (Y-stream) and major-version (X-stream) versioning capabilities
- clear mapping between input schema and output FBC attributes

> Note: `csv.spec.version` is optional in the API definition, however the field is required if you want to use the `semver template` for your catalog.

Reviewer: In this context, I think you are burying the lead a little bit.

```suggestion
Note: The semver template depends on the optional `csv.spec.version` field. If you want to use the semver catalog template, you must specify a version in your extension's CSV.
```
Or something.

Reviewer: Perhaps the second sentence is a bit redundant upstream, but for things a user "must do" I try to lean in so there is no ambiguity.

> 

Reviewer 2: At the very least, having the quote format will be more distinct than a piece of plain text and draw attention to it.
